7/3
Got used to C# coding language and set up a visual studio on the computer
Also did some practice problems
7/4
Continued reading online guides on C#, and got familiarized with some topics pertaining to objects such as polymorphism, 
interface, inheritance, and encapsulation but still did not really understand
Also started reading up on the C# text book reading Chapter 3
7/5
Started reading up on C# text book read chapters 4-5
Mainly just learned about objects and encapsulation in C#
7/6
Continued reading C# textbook reading chapters 6 and 7
In these chapters, I learned about hierarchy/inheritance and interface
Also finished the first assignment for creating two sort functions
7/7
Finished the second assignment for creating starter classes using inheritance, abstract classes, and interfaces.
Also, read up on chapter 8 of the textbook where I learned about using enum
7/10 
Continued reading the textbook finished Chapter 9, 12 and got started on 13
- 9 learned about binary writing and hex dumper
- 12 learn about exceptions.
- 13 learned about the property of struct, using a finalizer, and how it relies on Garbage Collection and learned about ref and out for a method
7/11
Worked on an assignment where I implemented read and write when working with a file.
Started learning how to use unity
7/12 -7/13
Spent these two days learning unity while I try to recreate brick breaker
I learned how to create objects and write codes into them, as well as learned a little about the collision feature provided by unity
7/14
I spent this day learning how to use GitHub and getting familiarized with the commands when trying to use git bash\
I also got to experience using Fork

7/17
As part of the homework from the weekend, I learned some coding tools such as Gitlab, Jenkins, and FTP, as well as coding 
principles such as SOLID and Design Patterns. 
I spent the day learning about Redmine and learning about GitHub and Git flow.
I also spent some time practicing using git from the command line.

7/18
I started on assignment 91668.
After figuring out how to install Jenkins for the rest of the day I was just struggling with using Jenkins and figuring
out building the game from code through Unity script for the day.

7/19
I finished my code for turning the HelloWorld into an apk and Windows files
I spent the rest of the day researching about using Jenkins as well as figuring out how to call functions within Unity script through command line

7/20
After spending a whole day I finally figured out how to call command in unity through Jenkins to construct an APK on Jenkins

7/21
After a lot of research, I figured out how to zip the contents of a folder which I applied to the project for windows build.
I also figured out how to use FileZilla with Jenkins to successfully pass the files I created to another folder on my computer.

7/24
I spent the day trying to name the files properly so that the generated file would display Andrid_version_build version code
and Windows_version. I also made the game display the proper message "Hello World" "___ version"

7/25
I ran into a problem with the naming of my file where Logic is still logic on GitLab so I spent the whole day trying to
realize the problem and only managed to fix it with help at the end of the day
